README.md, before:

```
    ____             _____ __      ______      __                ____  ____  ____  ____
   / __ \_________  / __(_) /_    /_  __/___ _/ /_____  _____   / __ \/ __ \/ __ \/ __ \
  / /_/ / ___/ __ \/ /_/ / __/_____/ / / __ `/ //_/ _ \/ ___/  / /_/ / / / / / / / / / /
 / ____/ /  / /_/ / __/ / /_/_____/ / / /_/ / ,< /  __/ /      \__, / /_/ / /_/ / /_/ /
/_/   /_/   \____/_/ /_/\__/     /_/  \__,_/_/|_|\___/_/      /____/\____/\____/\____/

```

## Setup

**1. Download and open the repository**

```
git clone https://github.com/scherroman/profit-taker-9000
cd profit-taker-9000
```

**2. Install dependencies**

```
npm install
```

## Usage

**1. Create a `/scripts` folder**

```
mkdir scripts
```

**2. Add a script to the `/scripts` folder and run it**:

```
npm run run scripts/takeProfits.ts
```

## Testing

**Run linter**

```
npm run lint
```

**Run typechecker**

```
npm run typecheck
```

**Run all static checks (linter and typechecker)**

```
npm run staticcheck
```

**Run the test suite**

```
npm run test
```

## Building

**Build the project**

```
npm run build
```

Javascript output is placed in the `/build` folder

## Useful Commands

**Run a typescript script using import paths from `tsconfig.json`**

```
npx ts-node -r tsconfig-paths/register
```

Commit message:

Add command line interface with update prices command
-> `update` command takes a coin symbol and updates the prices for the coin to the latest available date.

-> Add `binaries` folder to host command line interface

-> Remove `data` folder, instead store data in the consumer's project folder when the `update` command is used

-> Move `PriceHistory` logic to new `coin/priceHistory` module

-> Add new `coin/utilities` module to fetch and update prices

-> Add integration tests for retrieving prices from CoinGecko

+ Fix exports in top-level `index.ts`

+ Use relative imports when importing from within the same top-level module

+ Add `typescript-transform-paths` plugin and use `ts-patch` to transform absolute paths to relative paths in build

+ Add separate `tsconfig.build.json` to manage builds, so that tests can use the base `tsconfig.json` without being included in builds

+ Only apply typescript eslint parser to typescript files

+ Add `check` npm script to run all static checks, tests, and build

+ Add introduction to README

+ Add MIT license

README.md, after:

```
    ____             _____ __      ______      __                ____  ____  ____  ____
   / __ \_________  / __(_) /_    /_  __/___ _/ /_____  _____   / __ \/ __ \/ __ \/ __ \
  / /_/ / ___/ __ \/ /_/ / __/_____/ / / __ `/ //_/ _ \/ ___/  / /_/ / / / / / / / / / /
 / ____/ /  / /_/ / __/ / /_/_____/ / / /_/ / ,< /  __/ /      \__, / /_/ / /_/ / /_/ /
/_/   /_/   \____/_/ /_/\__/     /_/  \__,_/_/|_|\___/_/      /____/\____/\____/\____/

```

Profit-Taker 9000 offers the ultimate insight you need to become a bona fide cryptolord. Backtest your strategy or let Profit-Taker 9000 reveal the _proper_ parameters you _should_ have used to have bought the bottom and sold the top. Put your trust in Profit-Taker 9000 and you'll be cruising in the lambo of your dreams in no time.

## Setup

**1. Download and open the repository**

```
git clone https://github.com/scherroman/profit-taker-9000
cd profit-taker-9000
```

**2. Install dependencies**

```
npm install
```

## Usage

**1. Create a `/scripts` folder**

```
mkdir scripts
```

**2. Add a script to the `/scripts` folder and run it**:

```
npm run run scripts/takeProfits.ts
```

## Testing

**Run linter**

```
npm run lint
```

**Run typechecker**

```
npm run typecheck
```

**Run all static checks (linter and typechecker)**

```
npm run staticcheck
```

**Run the test suite**

```
npm run test
```

## Building

**Build the project**

```
npm run build
```

Javascript output is placed in the `/build` folder

## Useful Commands

**Run a typescript script using import paths from `tsconfig.json`**

```
npx ts-node -r tsconfig-paths/register
```
